# C# Glossary

#### By _**Alexandra Holcombe**_

## Description

List of C# terms for personal reference

### **Terms**

**action**
> defined as the code run when a route is triggered - a response to the request

**attribute**

**dependency**
> A package that is required to run another package.

**using directive**
> a directive which imports classes, objects or namespaces when the file is sent to the compiler

**method**

**namespace**
> A keyword used to declare a scope that contains a set of related objects / A keyword used to identify sets of classes  
[learn more](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/z2kcy19k.aspx)

**package**

**pattern**

**resource**

**root**
> a default route offered to a user when no specific route is requested. -a "home page"

**route**
> a piece of code which tells a program where to go based on a user HTTP request, and which code to run

**template**
> (sometimes **partial**)
A file containing a webpage or portion of a webpage as it will be rendered

**web request/response cycle**

**view**
> code which displays a partial

**view engine**
> creates HTML from your views

### **Acronyms**

**HTTP**
> Hypertext Transfer Protocol

**URL**
> Uniform Resource Locator

### **Tools**

**Nancy**
> A lightweight, low-ceremony framework for building HTTP based services on .NET.
[learn more](https://github.com/NancyFx/Nancy/wiki/Introduction)

**Razor**
> A view engine that combines C# code with HTML.  Views using Razor markup need the .cshtml file extension.

### **Web Request-Respond Cycle with Nancy**

**1.  Generating a request**
>A request is generated by a user when entering a web address, clicking a link, or submitting data

**2.  Routing in HomeModule.cs**
>The request arrives at the server and the HTTP method and path are matched to a route in the HomeModule.cs file of the Nancy application

**3.  Returning a Response**
> The last line of code in the block for each route indicates the resource that should be returned in the response.  Using the assigned variables along with any template files, the final HTML is generated and returned in the response body.

**4.  Rendering the Page**
> When the browser receives the response from the server, it renders the HTML into a viewable format for the user to see.

## Sources

All terms and definitions are from [Learn How To Program](https://www.learnhowtoprogram.com/)
